"It removes all the negativities, obscurations, obstacles, diseases, sicknesses, and then negative
emotions and re-revealing them. That continues what we started. Become that. And that is what it is
called. When you become true, that is known as enlightenment. That is enlightenment. There is
nothing else in enlightenment. Enlightenment starts right now. It is not a wedding game for the
next centuries or that is malignance or the good times.
It starts, enlightenment starts right now. It is enlightenment. It is true love, true compassion,
true wisdom. Whenever we start, we begin the journey of enlightenment. It is true. That is what the
Buddha said. That is what the great master, Kinti Padhe, you know, and his home is with you. Sit
there. Again, I will do it. And that's it.
And then in the teaching, sit up there. And then if you meditate like this, and resume like that,
and then after that, do meditate like this.
A virtue of the twatruti, matryana, are friendly, astralic, and the state of Kṛṣṇa return its
attention. With that, pray and meditate as long as you time. This time, I call silence meditate.
Relax comes in peaceful. Whether you are doing samadam meditate, whether you are doing vivācana
meditate, it is like zoka or the mahamadam, relax. Not just that, disturb your corpse by
distractions. Relax in that person's state.
The moment you see that those thoughts are wandering from your dead state, bring back to that state
and then relax as long as you have time. That is known as silence meditation or vipaśa or zoka.
So that is the principle part of meditation. In practice, kunkalini part of this practice is ded
icating practice. So dedicate the meditation as we do.
Once again, bring back your love and compassion and body to the core. Think of all the sentient
beings.
That's it. Now I remember what I said before. Think globally, act locally. That's it. That's an
irony.
So think globally. All the sentient beings, sentient beings over six realms, think that, act
locally from our heart.
That's it. All right, all right. That is known as dedicating meditation.
We think everyone good and happy, healthy, removes suffering and difficulties, and then revert
their Buddha nature.
Truly that is the practice. It's really, whether we have the big names, whether we have the don't
big names, truly we are touching the center core of the spiritual, the Buddha's teachings.
And that is my brief teaching on these, of course. You all know basically, but I'm reminding, as I
've already said, we are Sangha members.
Sangha members, the teachings, they're supportive to each other, happy to each other, so that way I
'm reminded to you, I'm reminded to myself.
So through that we can make our journey together to the enlightenment in Buddhahood and follow the
footsteps of our great teachers, all masters, lineage.
So that is my brief talk. Thank you, everyone.
Okay, now we do these short practice.